[nrfconnect] Added support for multi-image Device Firmware Upgrade (#43)
kkasperczyk-no/connectedhomeip: docs/guides/nrfconnect_examples_software_update.md

            hash: cbd58fc3821e749d3abfb00b3069f98c078824735f1b2a333e8a1579971e7de1
        Split status: N/A (0)

> > **_NOTE:_** In case you use nRF5340DK board that supports multi-image device firmare upgrade,
> > complete 7-9 steps. In other case you should omit them and go to the step 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_** If you are using the nRF5340DK board, that supports multi-image device firmware upgrade,
> complete Steps 7-9. If not using one, go straight to the step 10.
```

7.  Upload the network core firmware image to the device by running the following command in
    your example directory:

        $ sudo mcumgr --conntype ble --hci ble-hci-number --connstring peer_name='ble-device-name' image upload build/zephyr/net_core_app_update.bin -n 1

>     The operation can take few minutes. Wait until the progress bar reaches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The operation can take a few minutes. Wait until the progress bar reaches
```
"Few minutes" = it doesn't take long at all.
"A few minutes" = it can take a while.

    100%. 

8.  Obtain the list of images present in the device memory by running following
    command:

        $ sudo mcumgr --conntype ble --hci ble-hci-number --connstring peer_name='ble-device-name' image list

    The displayed output contains the old application image in slot 0 that is currently

>     active, new application image in slot 1 in pending state and the new network image in slot 1, which is not active yet (flags field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    active, the new application image in slot 1 in pending state, and the new network image which is in slot 1 and not active yet (flags field
```
The previous sentence end is correct if the not active part referred to the slot 1 and not to the network image.
